None My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.
I am extremely disappointed that github copilot is a paid subscription now like wtf
I love when I just talk about random shit in my mind
Sorry! For a second no one was able to submit a sneeze but I've fixed this issue.
A 24-year-old man told police in Florida that he lured his mother into an apartment and beat her with a hammer before fatally stabbing her, officials said. Logan Lopez told investigators on Saturday that he had planned the killing for a year, Clearwater police said on Twitter. Officers responded to a 911 call from a neighbor around 5 p.m. on Saturday. She told dispatchers that she could hear a woman screaming in a nearby apartment at The Palms at Countryside. Police found Mary Beth Lopez, 53, dead inside the apartment. Logan Lopez told responding officers and later homicide detectives that he had lured his mother to his place for the purpose of “putting an end to her,” a news release said. Get unlimited digital access Subscribe now for just $2 for 2 months. CLAIM OFFER Logan Lopez was booked into the Pinellas County Jail early Sunday. He’s facing a first-degree murder charge. Police said that while Lopez did not have any criminal history, but he had previously been held involuntarily for mental health treatment under Florida’s Baker Act. This story was originally published July 17, 2022 12:31 PM. Take Us With You Real-time updates and all local stories you want right in the palm of your hand. MIAMI HERALD APP VIEW NEWSLETTERS SUBSCRIPTIONS Start a Subscription Customer Service eEdition Vacation Hold Pay Your Bill LEARN MORE About Us Contact Us Newsletters Archives Reviews Sports Betting Personal Finance ADVERTISING Place a Classified Media Kit Public Notices Statement of Ownership COPYRIGHT COMMENTING POLICY PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE
A remarkable late surge from Cameron Smith saw the Australian win his first major in stunning fashion at the 150th Open Championship in St. Andrews, Scotland. In his event debut, the 28-year-old drained five consecutive birdies as he tore through the back nine of the Old Course, carding an eight-under 64 to pip playing partner Cameron Young by a stroke at 20-under par. After starting the day four shots ahead of Smith, Rory McIlroy finished two strokes behind in third after signing off a bogey-free 70. It meant heartbreak for the Northern Irishman who, looking to end an eight-year major drought, saw a second Claret Jug win slip through his fingers after a day of missed putting opportunities. Having shared the lead with Viktor Hovland at the summit after a pulsating Saturday duel, McIlroy looked on track to finally clinch his fifth major after pulling ahead at the fifth hole from the Norwegian, who carded a two-over 74 to finish fourth. England's Tommy Fleetwood joined the 24-year-old on 14-under after shooting an impressive 67. Yet while the 33-year-old subsequently birdied just once more, up ahead Smith -- having already doubled that tally by his fifth hole -- burst through the back nine with a run of five birdies before adding one more at the 18th. With Young draining a dramatic final eagle just moments earlier, the Australian's eighth and final birdie of the round spared him a playoff, his victory assured after McIlroy failed to make the speculative eagle chip needed to draw level.
The wireless connection is not sufficient to fix our problem. Therefore, the internet connection is essential. When connecting your PC to an external computer by using an ethernet port you may be able to solve this problem. Alternatively you may have to tether your phone (If that cannot be done, try using the Android or IOS phone).
Mozilla is a non-profit organization working to ensure the internet is open and welcoming to all. And we need your help. By joining our community, you can help drive innovation, enhance accountability and trust and make the internet a better place for everyone.
hello bro, i just wanted to see how you were doing and wanted to say I love you
hello bitch, you should shut tf up
hello, today I am going to go and throw myself off of a cliff, watch this
a dramatic final birdie of the morning. Just like winning.
a first-degree murder charge. Police found Mary Beth Lopez, 53, dead.
raylib is highly inspired by Borland BGI graphics lib and by XNA framework. Do you want to see all functions available in raylib? Check raylib cheatsheet
NOTE for ADVENTURERS: raylib is a programming library to enjoy videogames programming; no fancy interface, no visual helpers, no auto-debugging... just coding in pure spartan-programmers way. Are you ready to learn? Jump to raylib code examples! raylib awards. raylib has received several recognitions in the last years. Here there some awards received from Google and Epic Games.
Long ago in the dawns of Egypt, there was a pharaoh named Osiris born from Ra along with his brother Seth and his sister Isis. But as his kingdom ship had gone on, anger grew in Seth as he felt that he should be pharaoh. This jealousy grew until he murdered his brother and Pharaoh Osiris and became Pharaoh himself. But Osiris’s son Horus took revenge on Seth by bringing his downfall as he did to Horus’s father. But Seth’s legacy lived on with his descendants called darklings. These people inherit unique magic that uses darkness but with this magic comes consequences for when light hits their skin they age and their powers deplete. All would be at peace if the Egyptian people didn’t want the rise of a sun.
I tried so hard and got so far But in the end it doesn't even matter I had to fall to lose it all But in the end it doesn't even matter
Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of IT resources over the Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing. Instead of buying, owning, and maintaining physical data centers and servers, you can access technology services, such as computing power, storage, and databases, on an as-needed basis from a cloud provider like Amazon Web Services (AWS).
Your package has been delivered! How was your delivery?
VS @code does so many things right. I’m constantly impressed by the UX, and customizing workspace / user preferences is no exception. 🙌🏼💯 It just keeps getting better ❤️
VS Code will have deep remote development. You can connect to a container running a different OS and use any VS Code plugins, linting, debugging for that environment. 🔥🔥🔥
Go beyond syntax highlighting and autocomplete with IntelliSense, which provides smart completions based on variable types, function definitions, and imported modules.
are you mad or are you just stupid mate, like seriously
Hunters are a special breed, dedicated to tracking down treasures, magical beasts, and even other people. But such pursuits require a license, and less than one in a hundred thousand can pass the grueling qualification exam. Those who do pass gain access to restricted areas, amazing stores of information, and the right to call themselves Hunters.
Oi mate, wot t' fock did you just say 'bout me, you little bitch? I'll 'ave you know I graduated top of me class in the SAS, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on the IRA, and I 'ave over 300 confirmed kills, like. I am trained in gorilla warfare, and I am t' top sniper in the entire bleedin' SAS. You are nothin' to me but just another target. I'll spark you t' fock out with precision t' likes of which 'ave never before been seen on this earth, mark me fockin' words, mate. You think you can get away with chatting all that shit to me over t' internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak, I am contacting me secret network of spies across Britain, and your IP address is being traced right now, so you better prepare for the storm, blud. T' storm that wipes out t' pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fockin' dead, man. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over 700 ways and that's just with me bare hands, like. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to t' entire arsenal of the British armed forces, and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable arse off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would 'ave held your fockin' tongue, ay? But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying t' price, you bloomin' idiot. I'll shit fury all over you, and you'll drown in it. You're fockin' dead, mate.
I've been noticing an unusual trend in the quality of Snickers bars over the last decade. I found an old one from 5 years ago and decided to study its composition under my spectrometer and discovered something unnerving. The Snickers bar currently sold in stores contains 43.67% less rare earth elements by weight, when compared to one sold 5 years ago. Do they think they can fool us? It's hard to wrap my mind around why they would do this. Thorium used to make up 12% of the bar, but now it's at 8%, and now there's only 4% Americium compared to 7% just a while ago. It's all been replaced by organic carbon-based matter, like sucrose and poorly crafted carbohydrates. I'm disappointed in the Mars corporation, and I hope my findings will gain enough publicity to force Mars into reverting back to the old formula. Consider this an open letter.